Change ExecutionBlockProof to be a Vector instead of a List (#396)
ethereum/portal-network-specs: history/history-network.md

# Proof for EL BlockHeader before TheMerge / Paris
BlockProofHistoricalHashesAccumulator = Vector[Bytes32, 15]

> # Proof that EL block_hash is in BeaconBlock -> BeaconBlockBody -> ExecutionPayload for Bellatrix until Capella (included)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Proof that EL block_hash is in BeaconBlock -> BeaconBlockBody -> ExecutionPayload for Bellatrix until Deneb (exclusive)
```

We would usually use exclusive boundary (e.g. line 174)

Also, should we rename this to `ExecutionBlockProofBellatrix`, to be easily distinguishable?

ExecutionBlockProof = Vector[Bytes32, 11]

> # Proof that BeaconBlock root is part of historical_roots and thus canonical

Reviewer: next line (171): Should it just say: "From TheMerge until Capella"?
At least for me, the "-> Bellatrix fork" part is confusing (and potentially incorrect).

Author: Yeah, this is confusing compared how I wrote it above.
I meant to say here for the "duration" of the Bellatrix fork.

    slot: Slot # Slot of BeaconBlock, used to calculate the historical_roots index
]

# Proof that BeaconBlock root is part of historical_summaries and thus canonical
# For Capella and onwards
BeaconBlockProofHistoricalSummaries = Vector[Bytes32, 13]

# Proof for EL BlockHeader for Capella
BlockProofHistoricalSummariesCapella = Container[
    beaconBlockProof: BeaconBlockProofHistoricalSummaries, # Proof that the BeaconBlock is part of the historical_summaries and thus part of the canonical chain
    beaconBlockRoot: Bytes32, # hash_tree_root of BeaconBlock used to verify the proofs
    executionBlockProof: ExecutionBlockProof, # Proof that EL BlockHash is part of the BeaconBlock
    slot: Slot # Slot of BeaconBlock, used to calculate the historical_summaries index
]

# Proof that EL block_hash is in BeaconBlock -> BeaconBlockBody -> ExecutionPayload for Deneb and onwards

> ExecutionBlockProofDeneb = Vector[Bytes32, 12]

Author: Yeah, sure. I wanted to avoid shuffling around too much on this PR, but I move this one.

I do want to make this cleaner in a follow-up PR, for starters by splitting up the 3 main different proof types in different code blocks.
